Now we are on the conceptual design meeting. I will again do the secretary part. we will have three presentation first the industrial design, first Rama then Mark and then Sammy. we have to take a decision on the control remote control concepts. and we have forty minutes. the decision we want to take on this meeting are on the first on the component concept, so what kind of energy we use what kind of chip on print and one ki kind of case. And also on user interface concept what kind of interface we use and if there is some supplements. And at the end Sammy will give a trend watching on what he's he's been doing.
We're to mainly design mainly need to know which components we'll use for energy, and the material and interface. For energy there are maybe two or three possibilities. First one, we can use simple battery,. or we can use traditional solar cells. and the material we can have plastic,. rubber which is good for this RSA. and then titanium, which can be which have very good look. an and then interface we're to use push buttons or liquid crystal LCD display. we would like to have some speech recognition chip in our remote control. this can be simple kind of programmable chip. which can use microphone sensors. Still we are looking for possible technical specifications and how easy we can do and within our pri range, like we're to in our twelve Euros or around that. So we are looking for simple devices or simple technology to do the location of remote control in a room or in a house. we would like to propose battery instead of solar cells. and it would be problematic to have enough energy with the solar cells. And also we want to go for titanium design instead of rubber or. the problem is with this design we found that we can't use double-curved shapes.
What is a double-curved shape?
Like you can have two curves. we want to go for simple push buttons. because it need a simple chip. and it's really lesser re really less expensive compared to LCD. which needs advanced chip technology. and it's more expensive,. since we want to put some other features such as speech recognition. we want to reduce cost.
I want to know why it just sorry but for the point before why not the rubber, if it is something that it seems to be light.
And also like in if you put a it's be difficult to do all the moulding of buttons and these things
W we can use something like you know the whole body's titanium. but there are some rubber or I dunno some rubber parts
But full assembly We'll use mainly for titanium. and also it's bit difficult to do all the shapes. we we would like to use push buttons instead of L_C_D_s. Y yeah we have simple buttons and speech recognition technology,
Can we still include the LSD display?
It's either LCD or push-button.
Maybe maybe we can see depending on how we'll come up with our full design. because the speech recognition technology will take at least five Euros or or something. so we want to reduce the cost on display
It's it's not gonna be a touch pad, just a display for giving you information.
The batteries are going to be very light.
And now I think we have many options in the market. so we can go for small nickel or alkaline batteries
This device on that can be used for speech recognition could also be used for just the finding it basically,. instead of clapping why not just be ask. We have dreams. and the in the end we find out that it's not feasible.
The concept of the interface. Generally I developed quite a broad concept not only for the interface, but for possible instruction or user's manual and all the complex things that come together with your TV and remote controls. We got our perfect remote control with a lot of buttons. and we got explanation for every button. and you can use your time and it will take i some days to learn all this buttons. and the LCD is going to be somewhere here. and go back button, I don't know really where it is, maybe one of this buttons,. maybe this button is power on and off? that's our concept. It's called the millennium remote control.
Doesn't make sense. This is very ugly. too much concept.
We will not use this. We will not use this. But instead of this I will devise That's our concept. And it's got just few buttons, quite low looking, and all this stuff we already we already discussed.
Do you think it can come in several colours?
I would make a backlight of the LCD screen with different colours.
But not the case. the case would only be in that aluminium titanium stuff,
Because apparently from your survey people like colours,
Let's remember there's a Nokia phone which changeable panels.
So that would be the option
But it would be expensive, no? If you use colour LCD. instead of that maybe we can change the colour of the assembler. if users want more colours they can pay more money to get this the shapes and they can have different assembly.
You you propose something with option i that increase the price if we if you want more colours on LCD,
There's one more decisi one more solution in fact,. 'cause there are some some paints that can change colour according to where they are,. like they can reflect different colours depending on what is around, like what colour is around, and depending on the temperature,
But that's maybe mo too much expensive, yeah.
Because I think there are two kinds of people. Those for which the remote control is is to be something useful. and those for which is something that that that is specific to them. I think I think they would be ready ready to pay more for that. It might be optional, yeah.
Could we integrate something into our remote control, something like light? That they can use it in darkness, like. Hand light,. And the remote control's going to be smart. but how smart should it be to not to complicate things too much?
I heard that it seems that speech recognition is something that can be done. Are are you saying here that the remote controls should be aware of who is using it?
I just want to say it should be real smart.
Since we have we want to do some speaker dependent speech recognition so we can use
So it could be smart in that way. it might also record the kind of channels you are more often using and levels of volumes that you're more often things like that. that might be expensive. The remote that knows you. I'm going to talk about trends. and I hope this can help us to to understand how we should design our remote control. Anyway these days the best source of information is the web as you know,. but basically there are in in the market of of remote controls there are three aspects that we should very pay much attention to. The first one, which seems to be the most important one, is that it has to be fancy, it has to have a fancy look and feel. And interestingly this is the very most important thing. It has to be fancy. Strangely enough it's more important to be fancy than to be wi and now that's the second thing it has to be, it has to be technologically i innovative,. it has to be new with some of new technology inside. and and this is also more important than the last thing. which is that it should be easy to use and it should be easy to use as a remote control. And finally of course it has to be useful as a remote control. but it seems that it's not so important that it's useful as a remote control. currently the the trends that we see in in big cities like Paris and Milan, well, it seems that this year things should have a fruit and vegetable way of of look or feel. And I think of course i it applies to everything. It it can travel from clothe to furniture same idea. And if we co we compare to last year, now it has to be spongy,. When we were talking about rubber,. I think the rubber aspect might be important. because it's what is probably more feasible in terms of sponginess.
So maybe titanium it's not a good idea.
Think more of something in the colours of like fruit and vegetables and spongy,. even in the shape it has to be more round and more look natural somehow. I mean. And not those futuristic remote control with angles and and titanium like.
These abilities are mainly ad addressed by young people?
We have people listening to the trends everywhere in the world, of course,
It's more general trend. it's not particular to the remote control.
But it seems that trends travel across things.
But some materials they're to be they're to be something like solid. like they can't be really spongy
We have to I think we have to have the look of fruit and vegetables
Fruit. These things can be easily incorporated. We can have colours or this shape
If if it's something like rubber made or I think it it's also going to be good.
We will have next meeting in thirty minutes again. now you have to go straight on this individual action. which i which are for Rama wil design,. Mark the user interface design,. and Sammy the product evaluation. you will work together on a new on on a prototype using modelling clay. and I as always your personal coach will send you specific instruction.
We want the speech recogniser. and we want some kind of buttons. and we want some themes like fruits or vegetables,. we want to follow general trend.
No, we don't have to,. Again, as I said we can also try to make it, to create the trend.
Are we confident enough on creating trends? we can make it smell like fruit.
What about location and these things, people are really interesting on those features? Or they really like They more want these fancy features
It has to be fancy. so I think if nobody else pro provides currently a remote control with that kind of stuff and if we can provide it I think it's a good sell for us. Whether it's useful or not doesn't seem to be very important.
Now we have to decide on what kind of fanciness. Do we take titanium smelling like fruit,. or do we make spongy fruity-like
We will try to explore these two options
Maybe you could explore the two option.
Could we make a titanium shape? I mean fruit-shaped.
At least like we can make banana
Don't you say that you cannot do double shape curved shape
And and we're to see the whether rubber is expensive
In fact I just agreed to make to make the like titanium panels on a whole rubber body.
You explore now that you're going to work together these these two.
Maybe we can have two different assembly also like one spongy and one kind of titanium.
I think we have to choose. If we choose titanium or if we choose spongy
Still we want to keep LCD? Or
I think it's what we say, that we have an an LCD with information.
The thing is that if we want to have as he says if we want to have a small number of buttons we need to have a kind of output that says currently what their actions are. That's the converse to having zillions of button. where each button does only one thing.
And we just stick with two batteries. so it's not any solar or
In general I think people change TV more often than batteries of their remote control. Because the trend goes faster than the life of the
Yeah, we're done.